###The Problem:###
Imagine a pizza restaurant in which the owner can only serve one customer at a time.  In addition, it is not necessarily the case that customers would receive their orders on a first come, first served basis.  Instead, when the owner is not actively cooking, s/he does one of two things when choosing the next item to make.  First, if there are any pending orders, the owner will always choose the order such that the average waiting time for all customers (past, present, and future) is minimized.  Otherwise, the owner will service the next order that comes in. If two orders come in at the same time, the owner will choose the order that will guarantee the minimum waiting time for all customers.

It is important to note that when the owner chooses an order s/he has no knowledge of future orders.  Also, once s/he is finished cooking s/he must select a pending order (provided that there are any).  It is not a legitimate move to wait for other orders to come in.
###The Solution:###
The owner should always choose the order that will take the shortest amount of time to service.  This is a form of a greedy algorithm.  Tim Roughgarden's [discussion](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cGhGkDHpFI) of greedy algorithms as applied to similar problems is instructive.
###The Proof:###
Consider two arbitrary pending orders, o<sub>1</sub> and o<sub>n</sub>, in which o<sub>1</sub> is the shorter order, with duration d<sub>1</sub>.  o<sub>n</sub> has duration d<sub>n</sub>.  Imagine that the owner follows the algorithm described above, thereby choosing to service o<sub>1</sub> before o<sub>n</sub>.  Now, imagine that between order o<sub>1</sub> and order o<sub>n</sub> the owner serviced a sequence of m orders such that the kth order in the sequence has duration t<sub>k</sub>.  Note that for each order in the sequence with duration t<sub>k</sub>, t<sub>k</sub> is less than d<sub>n</sub>.  Otherwise, o<sub>n</sub> would have been serviced earlier.

What if the owner selected order o<sub>n</sub> instead of order o<sub>1</sub>?  In this scenario, the total wait time of order o<sub>n</sub> would have been shorter by d<sub>1</sub> plus &sum;<sub>k=1</sub><sup>m</sup> t<sub>k</sub>.  However, the total wait time for order o<sub>1</sub> would be longer by d<sub>n</sub>, and likewise for the m orders in the aforementioned sequence.  Because (m + 1)d<sub>n</sub> is greater than d<sub>1</sub> plus &sum;<sub>k=1</sub><sup>m</sup> t<sub>k</sub>, the algorithm described above has to be optimal (If you check out Roughgarden's discussion mentioned above, you'll see that similar proofs apply to problems similar to this one).
###Notes on the Input:###
The first line is the number of customers to service.  Each subsequent line contains order information for each customer.  Specifically, each line starts with the time of order (in some unspecified unit from the opening of the restaurant) followed by how long it would take to service the order.  It is important to note that the customers are not necessarily ordered by time of order.
###Note on the output:###
The output will be an integer, rounded down.
